# packages in environment at /home/niek/mambaforge/envs/macs2:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
_r-mutex                  1.0.1               anacondar_1    conda-forge
binutils_impl_linux-64    2.39                 he00db2b_1    conda-forge
binutils_linux-64         2.39                h5fc0e48_13    conda-forge
bwidget                   1.9.14               ha770c72_1    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                hd590300_5    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.11.0               h470a237_1    bioconda
ca-certificates           2024.6.2             hbcca054_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.16.0            h6cf1ce9_1008    conda-forge
curl                      7.71.1               he644dc0_8    conda-forge
expat                     2.6.2                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.14.2               h14ed4e7_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               h267a509_2    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.10               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
gcc_impl_linux-64         9.5.0               h99780fb_19    conda-forge
gcc_linux-64              9.5.0               h4258300_13    conda-forge
gettext                   0.22.5               h59595ed_2    conda-forge
gettext-tools             0.22.5               h59595ed_2    conda-forge
gfortran_impl_linux-64    9.5.0               hf1096a2_19    conda-forge
gfortran_linux-64         9.5.0               hdb51d14_13    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            h59595ed_1003    conda-forge
gsl                       2.6                  he838d99_2    conda-forge
gxx_impl_linux-64         9.5.0               h99780fb_19    conda-forge
gxx_linux-64              9.5.0               h43f449f_13    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  2.9.1                h83ec7ef_1    conda-forge
icu                       68.2                 h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9e                   h0b41bf4_3    conda-forge
kernel-headers_linux-64   2.6.32              he073ed8_17    conda-forge
krb5                      1.17.2               h926e7f8_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.39                 hcc3a1bd_1    conda-forge
libasprintf               0.22.5               h661eb56_2    conda-forge
libasprintf-devel         0.22.5               h661eb56_2    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           22_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           22_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.71.1               hcdd3856_8    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.6.2                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libgcc-devel_linux-64     9.5.0               h0a57e50_19    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 13.2.0               h77fa898_7    conda-forge
libgettextpo              0.22.5               h59595ed_2    conda-forge
libgettextpo-devel        0.22.5               h59595ed_2    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            13.2.0               h69a702a_7    conda-forge
libgfortran5              13.2.0               hca663fb_7    conda-forge
libglib                   2.72.1               h2d90d5f_0    conda-forge
libgomp                   13.2.0               h77fa898_7    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           22_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.41.0               hab1572f_1    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.27          pthreads_h413a1c8_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.43               h2797004_0    conda-forge
libsanitizer              9.5.0               h2f262e1_19    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.46.0               hde9e2c9_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.10.0               haa6b8db_3    conda-forge
libstdcxx-devel_linux-64  9.5.0               h0a57e50_19    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              13.2.0               hc0a3c3a_7    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.2.0                hf544144_3    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.38.1               h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.4.0                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.15                 h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.12               h72842e0_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.13               h4ab18f5_6    conda-forge
macs2                     2.2.9.1         py311hdad781d_1    bioconda
make                      4.3                  hd18ef5c_1    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.5                  h59595ed_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.26.4          py311h64a7726_0    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1w               hd590300_0    conda-forge
pango                     1.42.4               h69149e4_5    conda-forge
pcre                      8.45                 h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.36                h032f7d1_1    conda-forge
pip                       24.0               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.43.2               h59595ed_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h36c2ea0_1001    conda-forge
python                    3.11.0          h10a6764_1_cpython    conda-forge
python_abi                3.11                    4_cp311    conda-forge
r-base                    4.0.3                hd23ff56_6    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h8228510_1    conda-forge
samtools                  1.6                  h9dace67_6    bioconda
sed                       4.8                  he412f7d_0    conda-forge
setuptools                70.0.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sysroot_linux-64          2.12                he073ed8_17    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.13          noxft_h4845f30_101    conda-forge
tktable                   2.10                 h0c5db8f_5    conda-forge
tzdata                    2024a                h0c530f3_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.43.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.1.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.4                h7391055_0    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.8.9                h8ee46fc_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.11               hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h0b41bf4_2    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.11               hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxt                1.3.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h0b41bf4_1003    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h7f98852_1007    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.13               h4ab18f5_6    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.6                ha6fb4c9_0    conda-forge
