# packages in environment at /home/niek/mambaforge/envs/tracks:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
argcomplete               3.1.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
argh                      0.30.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
asciitree                 0.3.3                      py_2    conda-forge
asttokens                 2.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
aws-c-auth                0.7.7                h37ad1db_0    conda-forge
aws-c-cal                 0.6.9                h3b91eb8_1    conda-forge
aws-c-common              0.9.8                hd590300_0    conda-forge
aws-c-compression         0.2.17               hfd9eb17_6    conda-forge
aws-c-event-stream        0.3.2                hae413d4_6    conda-forge
aws-c-http                0.7.14               h162056d_1    conda-forge
aws-c-io                  0.13.35              hc23c90e_8    conda-forge
aws-c-mqtt                0.9.9                h1387108_0    conda-forge
aws-c-s3                  0.3.24               hdb3bed3_1    conda-forge
aws-c-sdkutils            0.1.12               hfd9eb17_5    conda-forge
aws-checksums             0.1.17               hfd9eb17_5    conda-forge
aws-crt-cpp               0.24.7               hd0f6be0_2    conda-forge
aws-sdk-cpp               1.11.182             h8beafcf_7    conda-forge
bedtools                  2.31.1               hf5e1c6e_0    bioconda
biopython                 1.81            py310h2372a71_1    conda-forge
blosc                     1.21.5               h0f2a231_0    conda-forge
bokeh                     3.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
brotli                    1.1.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.1.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
brotli-python             1.1.0           py310hc6cd4ac_1    conda-forge
bx-python                 0.10.0          py310h551a815_0    bioconda
bzip2                     1.0.8                hd590300_5    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.22.1               hd590300_0    conda-forge
c-blosc2                  2.11.2               hb4ffafa_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2024.7.4             hbcca054_0    conda-forge
cached-property           1.5.2                hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
cached_property           1.5.2              pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
certifi                   2024.7.4           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
click                     8.1.7           unix_pyh707e725_0    conda-forge
cloudpickle               3.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
comm                      0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
contourpy                 1.2.0           py310hd41b1e2_0    conda-forge
cooler                    0.9.3              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
cycler                    0.12.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cytoolz                   0.12.2          py310h2372a71_1    conda-forge
dask                      2023.11.0          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dask-core                 2023.11.0          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
debugpy                   1.8.2           py310h76e45a6_0    conda-forge
decorator                 5.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dill                      0.3.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
distributed               2023.11.0          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
exceptiongroup            1.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
executing                 2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.44.3          py310h2372a71_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               h267a509_2    conda-forge
fsspec                    2023.10.0          pyhca7485f_0    conda-forge
future                    0.18.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
gffutils                  0.13               pyh7cba7a3_0    bioconda
gflags                    2.2.2             he1b5a44_1004    conda-forge
glog                      0.6.0                h6f12383_0    conda-forge
h5py                      3.10.0          nompi_py310ha2ad45a_100    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.14.2          nompi_h4f84152_100    conda-forge
hicmatrix                 17                 pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
htslib                    1.18                 h81da01d_0    bioconda
icu                       73.2                 h59595ed_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        6.8.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
importlib_metadata        6.8.0                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
intervaltree              3.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
ipykernel                 6.29.5             pyh3099207_0    conda-forge
ipython                   8.26.0             pyh707e725_0    conda-forge
jedi                      0.19.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jupyter_client            8.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              5.7.2           py310hff52083_0    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.5           py310hd41b1e2_1    conda-forge
krb5                      1.21.2               h659d440_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.15                 h7f713cb_2    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.40                 h41732ed_0    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libabseil                 20230802.1      cxx17_h59595ed_0    conda-forge
libaec                    1.1.2                h59595ed_1    conda-forge
libarrow                  14.0.1           h4df1b6a_3_cpu    conda-forge
libarrow-acero            14.0.1           h59595ed_3_cpu    conda-forge
libarrow-dataset          14.0.1           h59595ed_3_cpu    conda-forge
libarrow-flight           14.0.1           h120cb0d_3_cpu    conda-forge
libarrow-flight-sql       14.0.1           h61ff412_3_cpu    conda-forge
libarrow-gandiva          14.0.1           hacb8726_3_cpu    conda-forge
libarrow-substrait        14.0.1           h61ff412_3_cpu    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           19_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.1.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.1.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.1.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           19_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libcrc32c                 1.1.2                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libcurl                   8.4.0                hca28451_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.18                 h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 h516909a_1    conda-forge
libevent                  2.1.12               hf998b51_1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 13.2.0               h807b86a_3    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            13.2.0               h69a702a_3    conda-forge
libgfortran5              13.2.0               ha4646dd_3    conda-forge
libgomp                   13.2.0               h807b86a_3    conda-forge
libgoogle-cloud           2.12.0               h5206363_4    conda-forge
libgrpc                   1.59.3               hd6c4280_0    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             2.1.5.1              hd590300_1    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           19_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm15                 15.0.7               h5cf9203_3    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.58.0               h47da74e_0    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libnuma                   2.0.16               h0b41bf4_1    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.24          pthreads_h413a1c8_0    conda-forge
libparquet                14.0.1           h352af49_3_cpu    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.39               h753d276_0    conda-forge
libprotobuf               4.24.4               hf27288f_0    conda-forge
libre2-11                 2023.06.02           h7a70373_0    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               h36c2ea0_1    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.44.0               h2797004_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.11.0               h0841786_0    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              13.2.0               h7e041cc_3    conda-forge
libthrift                 0.19.0               hb90f79a_1    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.6.0                h8b53f26_0    conda-forge
libutf8proc               2.8.0                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.38.1               h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.3.2                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.15                 h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.11.6               h232c23b_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.13               hd590300_5    conda-forge
locket                    1.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
lz4                       4.3.2           py310h350c4a5_1    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.4                hcb278e6_0    conda-forge
lzo                       2.10              h516909a_1000    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.1.3           py310h2372a71_1    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.6.2           py310h8d5ebf3_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
msgpack-python            1.0.6           py310hd41b1e2_0    conda-forge
multiprocess              0.70.15         py310h2372a71_1    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.4                  h59595ed_2    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nomkl                     1.0                  h5ca1d4c_0    conda-forge
numexpr                   2.8.7           py310hc2d3c2e_104    conda-forge
numpy                     1.26.0          py310hb13e2d6_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.0                h488ebb8_3    conda-forge
openssl                   3.3.1                h4ab18f5_1    conda-forge
orc                       1.9.0                h4b38347_4    conda-forge
packaging                 23.2               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pairix                    0.3.7           py310h83093d7_5    bioconda
pandas                    2.1.3           py310hcc13569_0    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
partd                     1.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pillow                    10.0.1          py310h29da1c1_1    conda-forge
pip                       23.3.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
platformdirs              4.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.47             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
psutil                    5.9.5           py310h2372a71_1    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h36c2ea0_1001    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pure_eval                 0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
py-cpuinfo                9.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyarrow                   14.0.1          py310hf9e7431_3_cpu    conda-forge
pyarrow-hotfix            0.5                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pybedtools                0.9.1           py310h2b6aa90_0    bioconda
pybigwig                  0.3.22          py310h79000e5_1    bioconda
pyfaidx                   0.7.2.2            pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
pygenometracks            3.8                pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
pygments                  2.18.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pysam                     0.22.0          py310h41dec4a_0    bioconda
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha2e5f31_6    conda-forge
pytables                  3.9.1           py310h374b01c_0    conda-forge
python                    3.10.13         hd12c33a_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-tzdata             2023.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.10                    4_cp310    conda-forge
pytz                      2023.3.post1       pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyvcf3                    1.0.3              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
pyyaml                    6.0.1           py310h2372a71_1    conda-forge
pyzmq                     26.0.3          py310h6883aea_0    conda-forge
rdma-core                 28.9                 h59595ed_1    conda-forge
re2                       2023.06.02           h2873b5e_0    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h8228510_1    conda-forge
s2n                       1.3.56               h06160fa_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.11.3          py310hb13e2d6_1    conda-forge
setuptools                68.2.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
simplejson                3.19.2          py310h2372a71_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
snappy                    1.1.10               h9fff704_0    conda-forge
sortedcontainers          2.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
stack_data                0.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tblib                     2.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.13          noxft_h4845f30_101    conda-forge
toolz                     0.12.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.3.3           py310h2372a71_1    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.66.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.14.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.12.2             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2023c                h71feb2d_0    conda-forge
ucx                       1.15.0               h64cca9d_0    conda-forge
unicodedata2              15.1.0          py310h2372a71_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   2.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.13             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.41.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.11               hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xyzservices               2023.10.1          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.5                h75354e8_4    conda-forge
zict                      3.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zipp                      3.17.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.13               hd590300_5    conda-forge
zlib-ng                   2.0.7                h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.5                hfc55251_0    conda-forge
